Let's go on to class properties.
Now we're gonna do what everyone loves
to do and we're gonna modify our Babel
configs, so first thing I'll pop
up your terminal really quick.
I'm gonna say npm install -D
@babble/plugin-proposal-class-properties@-
7.13.0
@babbel/preset-env@7.13.5
@babel/estlint/parser@7.13.4.
We're gonna do something with our class
component to make it
a lot easier to write.
Believe me,
it's kind of annoying the setup,
what did I do wrong here,
spelled the wrong properties.
Okay, so now we're gonna go set it up so
that we can actually instead of saying,
let's go into our details.js.
Instead of having to do constructors and
like if you can imagine like
having a lot of state and one,
like imagine if we were actually saying,
in fact we probably
should name animal breed.
So on and so forth, right, it's annoying
to have to do a constructor just for that.
So I'm gonna show you
a really cool shortcut,
we can actually just make it so
it just looks like this.
Right, pretty sure.
This reads a lot better, right,
this is a little space around it maybe.
But then we can look at the top
of our components like okay,
there's the default
state of our component.
Technically according to the TC39,
the body that defines JavaScript.
This is data java script but
not everything supports it,
yes we have to actually introduce a bubble
transform that will handle that for us.
In fact, I think there's
an error here from yeah, essence,
I don't know what to do with that right?
Which is why we installed
that bubble esl parser, okay,
so let's go make that work,
let's go into our Babel RC,
So, we have this and
then underneath this array,
we're gonna add another
preset of at babble/preset-m.
And underneath that,
we're gonna add a plugins,
and that's gonna be
@Babel/plugin-proposalclassproperties.
So, we added the preset end
underneath preset react,
this is what transpires like futuristic
JavaScript to two previous JavaScript.
This is the one that looks at like
the browser's list, right, and
then here we're installing
a specific plugin.
So, a preset is a group of plugins,
a plugin is just one transform so,
that's probably something
good to keep in mind.
Here we're introducing a brand new plugin,
which is the class properties,
one that allows us to do that specific
thing that we were looking at
Okay, and then let's go D upset,
estlint, and
what we're gonna do is we're just
going to add somewhere in here,
maybe above the parser options,
we're going to just introduce
a new parser which is
@Babel/estlint-parser, so, line 15 there.
This is going to tell estlint, hey,
before you read any of the code,
run it through Babbel first.
Up until this point, estlint was smart
enough to keep up with us it was,
it has its own Babbel
config understands JSX.
But once you get into really
recent JavaScript features,
it kind of loses its way so
you can have to say like, okay, maybe
use my babbel config instead of yours.
Okay, so now if we go back into search
params, sorry into results, no details.
Now it's like okay, I got that, notice
that there's no more error on line 5 here.
And so now, that's when we got to
take out all that constructor code.
So, I'm a huge fan of this I do it every
time that I'm writing class components.
If you're not writing class components,
and it's not that big of a deal.
But if you're writing class components,
it's a really nice thing to have.